New custom policy DenyAction Delete UAMI used by AMA (#1662)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/ALZ-Policies.md

| **Enable ChangeTracking and Inventory for Arc-enabled virtual machines**\*   | **[Preview]: Enable ChangeTracking and Inventory for Arc-enabled virtual machines** | `Policy Definition Set`, **Built-in** | This policy initiative enables ChangeTracking and Inventory for Arc-enabled servers. It uses a Data Collection Rule to define what data to collect and where to send it, and a user-assigned identity to authenticate the Azure Monitor Agent.                                                                 | DeployIfNotExists, Disabled |
| **Enable Defender for SQL on SQL VMs and Arc-enabled SQL Servers**\*         | **Configure SQL VMs and Arc-enabled SQL Servers to install Microsoft Defender for SQL and AMA with a user-defined LA workspace** | `Policy Definition Set`, **Built-in** | This policy initiative enables Microsoft Defender for SQL and AMA on SQL VMs and Arc-enabled SQL Servers.                                                                                                                                                          | DeployIfNotExists, Disabled |

> | **Do not allow deletion of the User Assigned Managed Identity used by AMA**\*| **Do not allow deletion of resource types**                              | `Policy Definition`, **Custom** | This policy provides a safeguard against accidental removal of the User Assigned Managed Identity used by AMA by blocking delete calls using deny action effect.                                                                                                                                                                 | DenyAction |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Do not allow deletion of the User Assigned Managed Identity used by AMA**\*| **Do not allow deletion of specified resource and resource type**                              | `Policy Definition`, **Custom** | This policy provides a safeguard against accidental removal of the User Assigned Managed Identity used by AMA by blocking delete calls using deny action effect.                                                                                                                                                                 | DenyAction |
```
